h1. Sake-Git

*NOTE:* These tasks are being deprecated in favor of thor-git, availble at http://github.com/cypher/thor-git. I'm continuing to work on them there, but decided to switch from @sake@ to @thor@ because @sake@, as cool as it is, still uses @rake@. Check out @thor@ at http://github.com/wycats/thor.

Here are a few Sake tasks to make developing with Git easier (and some corresponding Git aliases to 
make invoking them easier). Install them with:

<pre>
$ rake install
</pre>

Or, if you don't want to actually download this stuff, just use Sake:

<pre>
$ sake -i "http://github.com/eventualbuddha/sake-git/tree/master/git.rake?raw=true"
</pre>

h2. Common Commands

<pre>
$ sake git:update
</pre>

Updates your current git repository, autodetecting whether you have a regular ol' git project or a
git-svn project. I recommend aliasing it @git up@.

<pre>
$ sake git:push
</pre>

Commits any changes in your current branch not yet pushed upstream _and_ ports 'em over to master. I use @git ci@ for this one.

<pre>
$ sake git:open [NAME=mynewbranch]
</pre>

Creates a new branch off master. Think of this as opening an issue, or a new path of development. I use @git open@ for this one, allowing you to call it like so:

<pre>
$ git open mynewbranch
</pre>

You can even call it without the branch name and it'll ask you for it:

<pre>
$ git open
* Name your branch: mynewbranch
</pre>

<pre>
$ sake git:close [NAME=mynewbranch]
</pre>

This is open's brother, and should be used when you finish something and have already moved it to
master or upstream. If you haven't yet, don't worry - this won't eat your data. Like open, this one I alias to @git close@.

h2. Credits

Thanks to Coda Hale and everyone else at Wesabe for trying these out when I first wrote them and
contributing tasks of their own, and to the Rubinius folks for giving me the idea in the first place.
